= scbi_headers

* http://www.scbi.uma.es/downloads

== DESCRIPTION:

scbi_headers is a gem that provides consistent text headers for command line applications.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Can show the following information

* Corporate infomation
* Application name
* Version
* Description
* Authors
* Articles to be referenced

== SYNOPSIS:

This sample code:

  require 'scbi_headers'


  @header = ScbiHeader.new('SAMPLE_PROGRAM','101')

  @header.description="A long description for this program. It may include a few lines of text. In such cases, a word based wrap will be applied."

  @header.copyright='2012'

  @header.authors<< "Dario Guerrero"
  @header.authors<< "Other"

  @header.articles<< "Article one: with one description line"
  @header.articles<< "Article two: with one description line"
  
  # The main title can also be changed:
  
  @header.title=[]
  @header.title << "SuperComputing and BioInformatics - SCBI"
  @header.title << "University of Malaga - Spain"
  @header.title << "http://www.scbi.uma.es"  

  # To output the header
  puts @header


Will produce the following output:

  #==============================================================================#
  #                   SuperComputing and BioInformatics - SCBI                   #
  #                         University of Malaga - Spain                         #
  #                            http://www.scbi.uma.es                            #
  #------------------------------------------------------------------------------#
  #                                                                              #
  # SAMPLE_PROGRAM - version: 101 - (c) 2012                                     #
  #                                                                              #
  #------------------------------------------------------------------------------#
  #                                                                              #
  #  A long description for this program. It may include a few lines of text. In #
  #  such cases, a word based wrap will be applied.                              #
  #                                                                              #
  #------------------------------------------------------------------------------#
  #                                                                              #
  # Authors                                                                      #
  #       -Dario Guerrero                                                        #
  #       -Other                                                                 #
  #------------------------------------------------------------------------------#
  #                                                                              #
  # **NOTE: If you find this program useful, please cite the following articles: #
  #                                                                              #
  #       -Article one: with one description line                                #
  #       -Article two: with one description line                                #
  #==============================================================================#  
  


== REQUIREMENTS:

None

== INSTALL:

Common install with gem install:

  gem install scbi_headers

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Dario Guerrero

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

